## Contact List App (Contd.).

### UI state.

In React terms, a common source of UI state is user input controls, including:

+ Input Text field.
+ Drop-down menu.
+ Radio button or checkbox.

An analysis of this app's behavior requirements yields the following UI state breakdown:

1. Contact details - A contact's properties (email, phone) are editable and therefore should be stored as UI state.
1. Contact status - A contact's 'status' changes when the user clicks the Edit or Delete button. The change is reflected in the background color and the purpose of its two buttons. Three status types are possible: Normal (default); Edit (background color is blue and the buttons represent Cancel and Save operations); and Delete (background color is yellow and the buttons represent Cancel and Confirm operations). As a status change results from user interaction, it maps to React's *component state* concept.
1. Filtering parameters - The content of the search text box and Gender drop-dowm menu selection are UI state.

### Stateful components.

Which components should manage the app's UI state? 

Only the Contact component is concerned about the status attribute. Also, no other component needs to be re-rendered while the user is editing/updating a contact. In `src/components/contact/index.js`, update the Contact component as shown below:
~~~
class Contact extends Component {
state = {
    status: "",
    email: this.props.contact.email,
    phone: this.props.contact.phone,
    previousDetails: {
    email: this.props.contact.email,
    phone: this.props.contact.phone
    }
};
render() { . . . as before . . .}
}
~~~
Notes:

1. For simplicity, the normal (default) contact status will be represented by an empty string. The values 'edit' and 'del' will be used for the other status options - see later.
1. The initial values for a contact's details are passed in as props. While props are not normally stored as state, it is necessary here due to the edit feature.
1. The previousDetails nested object is necessary to support the cancel option when in edit mode - we need to reset the contact's properties back to pre-edit values.

The filtering inputs are part of the FilterControls component, however, the App component uses the data to compute the matching set of contacts. Add the state to `src/App.js`:
~~~
class App extends Component {
    state = { search: "", gender: "all" };
    componentDidMount() { ...... as before ..... 
}
~~~
#### Externalize configuration.

The attributes (color, label) of the buttons associated with a contact could be considered __configuration data__. It is good practice to separate configuration from logic, thus making an app easier to reconfigure. Create the file  `src/config/buttonsConfig.js` and add the following code:
~~~
const buttons = {
    normal: {
        leftButtonVal: "Edit",
        rightButtonVal: "Delete",
        leftButtonColor: "btn-default",
        rightButtonColor: "btn-danger"
    },
    delete: {
        leftButtonVal: "Cancel",
        rightButtonVal: "Confirm",
        leftButtonColor: "btn-light",
        rightButtonColor: "btn-danger"
    },
    edit: {
        leftButtonVal: "Save",
        rightButtonVal: "Cancel",
        leftButtonColor: "btn-danger",
        rightButtonColor: "btn-light"
    }
};
export default buttons;
~~~
This configuration data is used in the next section.
