## ES6/ES2015.

For this section to work we must first install some JS packages locally. From the `lab002` directory, type the command:
~~~
$ npm install
~~~
This uses the local file `package.json` to determine which packages/dependencies to install. A new sub-directory, called `node_modules`, is where the packages are physically located.

Examine the file `lab002/car.js`. It contains the definition for a custom class, Car. Some additional points to note are:

+ Line 6 - Uses the shorthand form of the object literal syntax. The longhand equivalent is:	this.type = { make: make, model: model, cc: cc };
+ Line 36 - Uses the shorthand form of single-line arrow function. The longhand equivalent is: 
   
      (element,index) => { 
	      return element.name.toUpperCase() === name.toUpperCase()
      } 
 
Now create a new file in `lab002`, called `useCar.js` and paste in the following code:
~~~
import Car from "./car.js";

let car1 = new Car(
  "Joe Bloggs",
  "3 Walkers Lane",
  "Toyota",
  "Corolla",
  1.8,
  "101-WD-1058"
);
car1.addPreviousOwner("Joe Fleming", "1 Main Street");
car1.addPreviousOwner("Pat Smith", "1 Main Street");
car1.addPreviousOwner("Sheila Dwyer", "2 High Street");

let name = 'Pat Smith'
console.log(`Is ${name} a previous owner? ${car1.wasOwnedBy(name)}`);

car1.newOwner("Donal Dunne", "5 Kings Way");
console.log(`${car1.previous_owners[2].name} is the 3rd previous owner`);
name = 'Joe Fleming'
console.log(`Is ${name} a previous owner? ${car1.wasOwnedBy(name)}`);

console.log(`Current owner is ${car1.owner}`);
console.log(`Car age: ${car1.howOld()}`);
~~~

Because this code is using some ES6 syntax not yet supported by Node, e.g. import/export, we must transpile it before execution. To transpile the code and then run it, type the command:
~~~
$ npm run babel-node useCar.js 
~~~
Can you reconsile the output from `useCar.js` and the source code? 

In `functions.js` a car's features were recorded, e.g. Alarm, Parking assist. In the 'Methods' section a `hasFeature()` method was implemented - review it. __You are required__ to update the Car class definition to incorporate this behaviour. To prove your code works, add the following to the end of `useCar.js`:
~~~
console.log(`Alarm: ${aCar.hasFeature('alarm')}` );
~~~
and run it.
~~~
$ npm run babel-node useCar.js 
~~~
After completing the solution update the git repository:
 
        $ git add -A
        $ git commit -m "Completed Car class"
