# Web App Development 2 - Assignment 2 specification

## Overview

Objective: Demonstrate your knowledge of API's, Express, Mongoose, Authentication by developing an extension of the Movies API and integrate it with your Express app from Assignment 1. 

Completion: 15th January 2021

Deliverables:

+ GitHub repo of codebase.
+ Git log history **.
+ Repo README.md (template provided later) **
+ Short video demonstrating and explaining your app
+ Zoom meeting for Q and A (if required)

** You must commit and push your work at every work session. Commit message must summarize the work performed. Commits can be work-in-progress.

** The README is the documentation of the work you have carried out and must be complete and accurate

# Grading Spectrum

## Good (40-50%).

**Theme:** Foundation skill set.

**Characteristics:** Basic new features developed.

**Features (All of the following):**

2 new API routes, including a parameterised URL.  
Mongo integration.  
Minimal React integration(GET and POST data to API)


## Very Good (50-70%).
**Theme:** Confident developer.

**Characteristics: **Good API design and implementation inspired by TMDB api. Extensive work done to API to support React App. Some unique and well concieved functionality included.  

**Features (All of the following):**

Coherent API design and modelling supporting full manipulation of resources.  
Nested Document and/or object referencing in Mongo/Mongoose.  
Custom validation using Mongoose.  
Basic Authentication and protected routes.  
Good use of express middleware (e.g. Error handling).  
Substantial React App integration.

## Excellent (70-85%) 
**Theme:** Independent learner.

**Characteristics:** Can understand and use techniques and technologies not covered in the labs/lectures.

**Features (Some of the following):**

Advanced authentication/verification to accomplish richer functionality.  
Excellent use of 3rd party tools,services and modules.  
API documentation (for examaple Swagger/openAPI)   
Logging

## Outstanding (85+)
**Theme:** Exceptional ability.

**Characteristics:** Fully functional end-to-end solution providing novel features and extensive features similar to TMDB api, and more. 

**Features(example):**

Live hosting, analytics, Movie recommender based on user's favourites.