# Web App Development 2 - Assignment 2 specification

## Overview

Objective: Demonstrate your knowledge of API's, Express, Mongoose, Authentication by developing an extension of the Movies API and integrate it with your Express app from Assignment 1. 

Completion: 15th January 2021

Deliverables:

+ GitHub repo of codebase.
+ Git log history **.
+ Repo README.md (template provided later) **
+ Short video demonstrating and explaining your app
+ Zoom meeting for Q and A (if required)

** You must commit and push your work at every work session. Commit message must summarize the work performed. Commits can be work-in-progress.

** The README is the documentation of the work you have carried out and must be complete and accurate

# Grading spectrum
## Good (40-50%).

Theme: Foundation skill set.

Characteristics: Basic new features developed, .

Features (All of the following):

2/3 new routes
Minimal integration 
Including a parameterized URL
2 new TMDB endpoints
Storybook support (if required)
Very Good (50-70%).
Theme: Confident developer.

Characteristics: Some of the new features (reimagined existing features) have unique characteristics in terms of component structure, UI style and behavior. These features are well conceived.

Features (All of the following):

3+ new TMDB endpoints.
Extensive data hyperlinking.
Data entry/web form.
Data management.
Storybook support.
Extra:

Design patterns
Simple authentication
Private and Public routes
Excellent (70-85%)
Theme: Independent learner.

Characteristics: Can understand and use techniques and technologies not covered in the labs/lectures.

Features (Some of the following):

Advanced Web Form processing (useForms hook).
React UI libraries, e.g. Semantic UI React, Material UI.
3rd party authentication, e.g. Firebase
Redux (Alternative to Contexts).

Styled Components (3rd party components)

Outstanding (85+)
Theme: Exceptional ability.

Characteristics: App provides full CRUD functionality of TMDB Web API

Features:

POST/DELETE operations on web API
Sessions