## Exercise 2 (Embedded variables).

In exercise 1 the course data was hard-coded in the JSX - course name, module details.  A slight improvement would be to place the data in local variables (e.g. a two-element array for the module details) and reference them from the JSX code as embedded variables. __You are required__ to implement this impronovement, however, for convenience we will use a separate component. 

The story for this exercise is already implemented. In `stories/exercises.js` see:

        .add("02 - JSX embedded variables", () => {
        return <CourseModulesEmbeddedVars />;
        })

The steps to completing this exercise are as before:
 
+ __Step 1__: In the browser, click the link: 'Samples -> 02 - JSX embedded variables'. Examine the related component code in `components/samples/02_embeddedVariables.js`. Use this code as a guide for this exercise.
+ __Step 2__: Open the file  `components/exercises/02_embeddedVars.js` and copy over the *render()* method from the solution to exercise 1. Now adapt the code to use emberred variables. Assume their is still exactly two modules in the table - no need for a loop construct. See hint below
+ __Step 3__: In the browser, click the link: 'Exercises -> 02 - JSX embedded variables' to see the result of your implementation. 

Hint: The pseudo-HTML code below is a guide to the solution required:
       
       . . . . . . 
       <tr>
          <td>{modules[1].name}</td>
          <td>modules[1].noLectures}</td>
          <td>{modules[1].noPracticals}</td>
        </tr>
        . . . . . . . 

(See Exercise 2 solution [here][solutions].)

On completing the exercise, stop the server and type these commands:

        $ git add -A
        $ git commit -m "Exercise 2 completed"

Restart the server.

[solutions]: ./index.html#/Solutions
