## Looping/Iteration constructs.

Suppose the car has a list of *extra features*. We can represent this as a simple array of strings, as follows:

		let aCar = {
			owner : 'Joe Bloggs',
		    .
		    .
		    .
			features : ['Parking assist', 
			            'Alarm', 
			            'Tow-bar'],
			registration : .......
		} ;

At the end of `fundamentals.js`, add a for-loop to display this list, as follows:

		for (let i = 0 ; i < aCar.features.length ; i += 1) {
			console.log(aCar.features[i]) ;
		} 

Run the code to prove it works.

__You are required__ to write a second for-loop that displays the name only (not the address) of each previous owners. 

(See Solution 05 in the Solutions tab for the completed code.)

The loop construct for iterating over an object's properties is slightly different. For example, to display the key-value pairs in the *type* property of aCar, add the following code at the end of `fundamentals.js`:

		for (let p in aCar.type)  {
		    console.log(p.toUpperCase() + ' = ' + aCar.type[p] ) ;
		}

Run the code to prove it works. 

In the above code the expression `aCar.type[p]` demonstrates the __subscript notation__ style for accessing an object's properties. The p variable is dereferenced before the expression is evaluated.
       
	   e.g.
       p = 'make' 
       aCar.type[p] => aCar.type['make']

 In all the earlier examples we used the __dot notation__ style, e.g. aCar.type.make), however, it will not work in the above case as dereferencing does not take place - 'aCar.type.p' is undefined. 
 
Update the git repository:
 
        $ git add -A
        $ git commit -m "Loop constructs"

To prove Git has recorded the above incremental changes, type the command:

         $ git log

For more detailed output use:

        $ git log -p


[solution]: ./07.Solutions.html