# Developing a Movies Fan App - Part 3.

>>### Please ensure you maintain a Git repository throughout the development of this app. You should submit all the 'git commit' commands specified in this and subsequent labs. A log of the repository commit history will be used in the assessment of your lab work for this module

## GitHub setup.

Go to your Github account and create a new repository, called wad2-moviesApp. 

In VS Code, assuming the app is already imported, open an integrated terminal and type the commands (Insert your Github username in the URL):
~~~
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/[your github username]/wad2-moviesApp.git
$ git push -u origin master
~~~
Check that the new repository on GitHub now has you full set of project files.

Login to Moodle and upload a simple text file containing the URL of your new repository - see the Assessment section for upload link.

## Lab Objective.

in this lab we tackle the third development iteration of the Movies Fan app. 

Based on the feature list mentioned in Part 1 of this series, in this iteration we will  implemented the following:

+ In the Movie details page the user can optionally show an excerpt from published critic reviews.
+ Clicking the 'More' link on a review excerpt will display the full review text on a separate page.
+ A more professional-styled site header is added.

Two new React coding techniques will be used during the implementation:

+ A Component composition pattern.
+ Custom hooks.

Also, two routing featured will be leveraged:

+ Nested routes.
+ Extended Link.

