## Exercise 2 (Embedded variables).

In exercise 1 the course data was hard-coded in the JSX - course name, module details.  A slight improvement would be to place the data in local variables (e.g. a two-element array for the module details) and reference them from the JSX code. __You are required__ to implement this improvement, however, for convenience we will use a separate component. 

The story for this exercise is already implemented. In `stories/exercises.stories.js` - see lines:
~~~
   .add("02 - JSX embedded variables", () => {
      return <CourseModulesEmbeddedVars />;
   })
~~~
The steps to complete this exercise are as follows:
 
+ __Step 1__: In the browser, click the link: 'Samples -> 02 - JSX embedded variables'. Examine the related component code in `components/samples/02_embeddedVariables.js`. Use this code as a guide for this exercise.
+ __Step 2__: Copy the code from `components/exercises/01_staticComponent.js` to  `components/exercises/02_embeddedVars.js` - we are using the solution from exercise 1 as the starting point.
+ __Step 3__: Modify the code in `components/exercises/02_embeddedVars.js` such that embedded variables are used for its data. Assume their is still exactly two modules in the table. See hint below.
+ __Step 4__: In the browser, click the link: 'Exercises -> 02 - JSX embedded variables' to see the result of your implementation. 

Hint: The pseudo-HTML code below is a guide to the solution required:
~~~ 
. . . . . . 
<tr>
  <td>{modules[1].name}</td>
  <td>modules[1].noLectures}</td>
  <td>{modules[1].noPracticals}</td>
</tr>
        . . . . . . . 
~~~
(If necessary, see Exercise 2 solution in the solutions tab.)

On completing the exercise, stop the server and type these commands in the terminal:
~~~
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Exercise 2 completed"
~~~
Restart the server.
