## Inverse data flow.

Download and unzip [this archive][app]. Open a terminal window, go to the base folder (`InverseDataFlow`) and type:

~~~
$ npm install 
~~~
Open a second terminal window, go to the `1WayDataFlow` folder and start the json-server:
~~~
¢ json-server ./friends.json -p 3001
~~~
In the 'InverseDataFlow' terminal window, start the development server:
~~~
        $ npm start
~~~
This app is a redesign of the Filtered Friends app from the previous section - exact same functionality though. The component design for this version is as follows:

              FriendsApp
                   |
                   V
            ------------------
            |                |            
            V                V
	SearchBox      FilteredFriendList
                              |
                              |  (multiple)
                              V
                           Friend


See `src/App,js` and `src/components` folder for details. 

The main difference in this design is the input text field is now managed by a separate component. *SearchBox*. However, as in the previous design, the *FriendsApp* component still stores the current value of the text field as part of its state object. Any changes in the text field must trigger a recompute of the matching subset of friends. Therefore SearchBox must communicate any change to FriendsApp. This is achieved by the inverse data flow pattern. *FriendsApp* passing a function reference to *SearchBox*, via a prop. The function updates the state, thus forcing a re-rendering. SearchBox calls this function via the field's *onChange* event handler. 

Examine the code to ensure you understand how it works.


[app]: ./archives/InverseDataFlow.zip
[json]: https://github.com/typicode/json-server